[DOCS] Updating NPU GenAI docs (#27489)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/learn-openvino/llm_inference_guide/genai-guide-npu.rst

         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         
      .. important::
         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

You can also try using 4-bit (INT4)
`GPTQ models <https://huggingface.co/models?other=gptq,4-bit&sort=trending>`__,
which do not require specifying quantization parameters:

.. code-block:: console

   optimum-cli export openvino -m TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ

| Remember, NPU supports GenAI models quantized symmetrically to INT4.
| Below is a list of such models:

* meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct
* microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B
* mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2
* openbmb/MiniCPM-1B-sft-bf16
* TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0
* TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B-Instruct-GPTQ-Int4

Run generation using OpenVINO GenAI
###################################

It is always recommended to install the latest available
`driver <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__.

> **Currently the NPU pipeline supports greedy decoding only, so you need to
> add** ``do_sample=False`` **to the** ``generate()`` **method.**
> Use the following code snippet to perform generation with OpenVINO GenAI API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following code snippet to perform generation with OpenVINO GenAI API.
Note that **currently, the NPU pipeline supports greedy decoding only**. This means that
you need to add ``do_sample=False`` **to the** ``generate()`` **method:**
```

for information on how to start.

Prerequisites
#####################

Install required dependencies:

.. code-block:: console

   python -m venv npu-env
   npu-env\Scripts\activate
   pip install nncf==2.12 onnx==1.16.1 optimum-intel==1.19.0
   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

You can export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using two different compression methods,
configured by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter either to ``-1`` (channel-wise

> quantization) or ``128`` (group quantization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using two different compression methods:
channel-wise quantization or group quantization. You select them by 
setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to ``-1`` or ``128``, respectively.
``

In this example, a chat-tuned TinyLlama model is used. As long as **NPU supports
4-bit (INT4) symmetrically quantized models only**, make sure you use the recommended
conversion and optimization settings:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant

>          optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
         
      REmember tha the negative value of ``-1`` is required here. 
```

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --group-size 128 --ratio 1.0 TinyLlama

**For models exceeding 1 billion parameters**, it is recommended to use **channel-wise
quantization** that is remarkably effective. You can also use group quantization,
however it might not be so efficient. You can try the suggested approach with
the llama-2-7b-chat-hf model:

.. code-block:: console

   optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --group-size -1 --ratio 1.0 Llama-2-7b-chat-hf

> .. important::
> 
>    To enable channel-wise quantization, the ``--group-size`` parameter must take value of ``-1`` (negative), not ``1``.

Author: ```suggestion
```

the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion
parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m <HF-tag> --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         
      .. important::
         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

> 
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --group-size -1 --ratio 1.0 Llama-2-7b-chat-hf

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion
parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m <HF-tag> --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         
      .. important::
         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

> **For models exceeding 1 billion parameters**, it is recommended to use **channel-wise

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

for information on how to start.

Prerequisites
#####################

Install required dependencies:

.. code-block:: console

   python -m venv npu-env
   npu-env\Scripts\activate
   pip install nncf==2.12 onnx==1.16.1 optimum-intel==1.19.0
   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

As **NPU supports only symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models**, make sure to export
the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

> You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
> channel-wise quantization or group quantization. You do so by setting the ``--group-size``
> parameter to ``-1`` or ``128``, respectively. See the following example, using a
> chat-tuned TinyLlama model:
> ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
channel-wise quantization, remarkably effective for models exceeding 1 billion parameters, or
group quantization, less effective for large models.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``-1`` or ``128``,
respectively. See the following examples:
```

for information on how to start.

Prerequisites
#####################

Install required dependencies:

.. code-block:: console

   python -m venv npu-env
   npu-env\Scripts\activate
   pip install nncf==2.12 onnx==1.16.1 optimum-intel==1.19.0
   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

As **NPU supports only symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models**, make sure to export
the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion
parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

> 
> 
> 
> .. tab-set::
> 
>    .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization
> 
>       .. code-block:: console
>          :name: channel-wise-quant
> 
>          optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
>          
>       .. important::
>          
>          Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.
> 
>    .. tab-item:: Group quantization
> 
>       .. code-block:: console
>          :name: group-quant
> 
>          optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --group-size 128 --ratio 1.0 TinyLlama

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m <HF-tag> --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         
      .. important::
         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

```

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion
parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m <HF-tag> --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         
      .. important::
         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

**For models exceeding 1 billion parameters**, it is recommended to use **channel-wise

> quantization** that is remarkably effective. You can also use group quantization,
> however it might not be so efficient. You can try the suggested approach with
> the llama-2-7b-chat-hf model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

for information on how to start.

Prerequisites

> #####################

Reviewer 2: Previous formatting looked right

Install required dependencies:

.. code-block:: console

   python -m venv npu-env
   npu-env\Scripts\activate
   pip install nncf==2.12 onnx==1.16.1 optimum-intel==1.19.0
   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

As **NPU supports only symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models**, make sure to export

> the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

Reviewer 2: I believe "only" is a strong statement, I'd call it "preferred"

Author: > I believe "only" is a strong statement, I'd call it "preferred"

```suggestion
Since **symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models are preffered for inference on NPU**, make sure to export
the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.
```

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         
         optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group-size -1
         

>       .. important::

Reviewer 2: It may make sense to put the BKM by Andras on how the CW accuracy can be improved (scale estimation, etc).

Reviewer 3: BKM to improve accuracy for CW model is the following:
1. Update `nncf` to `2.13` version (`pip install nncf 2.13`)
2. Use `--scale_estimation` and accuracy aware quantization: (`--awq` + `--dataset=wikitext2`)

Example:
```
optimum-cli export openvino -m meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf --weight-format int4 --sym --group-size -1 --ratio 1.0 --awq --scale-estimation --dataset=wikitext2  Llama-2-7b-chat-hf
```

Author: @dmatveev , @TolyaTalamanov I have added info about the BKM in:

https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/27489/commits/95631aad10b14584d0321879475505ec0e0cc00b

Reviewer 3: `--scale_estimation` requires `--dataset` to be specified, I'd rewrite it like this:

Use `--scale_estimation --dataset=<dataset_name>` and accuracy aware quantization: `--awq`

Author: I have changed it: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/27489/commits/d2087cf52b438cab970109ea9ccc809a86ee096d

         
         Remember that the negative value of ``-1`` is required here, not ``1``.

You can also try using 4-bit (INT4)
`GPTQ models <https://huggingface.co/models?other=gptq,4-bit&sort=trending>`__,
which do not require specifying quantization parameters:

.. code-block:: console

   optimum-cli export openvino -m TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ

| Remember, NPU supports GenAI models quantized symmetrically to INT4.
| Below is a list of such models:

* meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct
* microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B
* mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2
* openbmb/MiniCPM-1B-sft-bf16
* TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0
* TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B-Instruct-GPTQ-Int4

Run generation using OpenVINO GenAI
###################################

> It is always recommended to install the latest available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is typically recommended to install the latest available
```

   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

As **NPU supports only symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models**, make sure to export
the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion parameters.

You select one of the methods by setting the ``--group-size`` parameter to either ``128`` or ``-1``, respectively. See the following examples:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Group quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: group-quant

         optimum-cli export openvino -m TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0 --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size 128

   .. tab-item:: Channel-wise quantization

      .. code-block:: console
         :name: channel-wise-quant
         

>          optimum-cli export openvino -m <HF-tag> --weight-format int4 --sym --ratio 1.0 --group_size -1
>          

Reviewer: ```suggestion  
```

for information on how to start.

Prerequisites
#####################

Install required dependencies:

.. code-block:: console

   python -m venv npu-env
   npu-env\Scripts\activate
   pip install nncf==2.12 onnx==1.16.1 optimum-intel==1.19.0
   pip install --pre openvino openvino-tokenizers openvino-genai --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

Export an LLM model via Hugging Face Optimum-Intel
##################################################

As **NPU supports only symmetrically-quantized 4-bit (INT4) models**, make sure to export
the model with the proper conversion and optimization settings.

| You may export LLMs via Optimum-Intel, using one of two compression methods:
| **group quantization** - for both smaller and larger models,

> | **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion
> parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **channel-wise quantization** - remarkably effective but for models exceeding 1 billion parameters.
```

You can also try using 4-bit (INT4)
`GPTQ models <https://huggingface.co/models?other=gptq,4-bit&sort=trending>`__,
which do not require specifying quantization parameters:

.. code-block:: console

   optimum-cli export openvino -m TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ

| Remember, NPU supports GenAI models quantized symmetrically to INT4.
| Below is a list of such models:

* meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct
* microsoft/Phi-3-mini-4k-instruct
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B
* mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2
* openbmb/MiniCPM-1B-sft-bf16
* TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v1.0
* TheBloke/Llama-2-7B-Chat-GPTQ
* Qwen/Qwen2-7B-Instruct-GPTQ-Int4

Run generation using OpenVINO GenAI
###################################

It is always recommended to install the latest available
`driver <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__.

Use the following code snippet to perform generation with OpenVINO GenAI API.
Note that **currently, the NPU pipeline supports greedy decoding only**. This means that
you need to add ``do_sample=False`` **to the** ``generate()`` **method:**

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python
      :sync: py

      .. code-block:: python

>          :emphasize-lines: 4-5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         :emphasize-lines: 4
```

         import openvino_genai as ov_genai
         model_path = "TinyLlama"
         pipe = ov_genai.LLMPipeline(model_path, "NPU")
         print(pipe.generate("The Sun is yellow because", max_new_tokens=100, do_sample=False))

   .. tab-item:: C++
      :sync: cpp

      .. code-block:: cpp

>          :emphasize-lines: 8, 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         :emphasize-lines: 7, 9
```

###################################

It is always recommended to install the latest available
`driver <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__.

Use the following code snippet to perform generation with OpenVINO GenAI API.
Note that **currently, the NPU pipeline supports greedy decoding only**. This means that
you need to add ``do_sample=False`` **to the** ``generate()`` **method:**

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python
      :sync: py

      .. code-block:: python
         :emphasize-lines: 4-5

         import openvino_genai as ov_genai
         model_path = "TinyLlama"
         pipe = ov_genai.LLMPipeline(model_path, "NPU")
         # Add 'do_sample=False' to 'generate()' method.
         print(pipe.generate("The Sun is yellow because", max_new_tokens=100, do_sample=False))

   .. tab-item:: C++
      :sync: cpp

      .. code-block:: cpp
         :emphasize-lines: 7-8, 10

         #include "openvino/genai/llm_pipeline.hpp"
         #include <iostream>

         int main(int argc, char* argv[]) {
            std::string model_path = "TinyLlama";
            ov::genai::GenerationConfig config;

>             // Add 'do_sample=false' to 'generate()' method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It is recommended to install the latest available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is always recommended to install the latest available
```

         ov::AnyMap pipeline_config = { { "MAX_PROMPT_LEN",  1024 }, { "MIN_RESPONSE_LEN", 512 } };
         ov::genai::LLMPipeline pipe(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config);

Cache compiled models
+++++++++++++++++++++

Specify the ``NPUW_CACHE_DIR`` option in ``pipeline_config`` for NPU pipeline to
cache the compiled models. Using the code snippet below shortens the initialization time
of the pipeline runs coming next:

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python
      :sync: py

      .. code-block:: python

         pipeline_config = { "NPUW_CACHE_DIR": ".npucache" }
         pipe = ov_genai.LLMPipeline(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config)

   .. tab-item:: C++
      :sync: cpp

      .. code-block:: cpp

         ov::AnyMap pipeline_config = { { "NPUW_CACHE_DIR",  ".npucache" } };
         ov::genai::LLMPipeline pipe(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config);

Disable memory allocation
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

In case of execution failures, either silent or with errors, try to update the NPU driver to

> `newer than 31.0.100.3053 <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__.

Reviewer 2: There's no 31.* drivers. It is only 32.*
I believe it should sound as "update to *.3104 or newer".

Author: > There's no 31.* drivers. It is only 32.* I believe it should sound as "update to *.3104 or newer".

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cdf453a2-7424-4d56-9cf6-6c59f0c10a15)

By ***.3104** or newer, you meant "32.0.100.2196 or newer" ?

Reviewer 2: Interesting what that 31.0.100 thing is - nevermind :)

Anyways we're waiting for 3104 to be published - so it must be 3104 or newer.

Author: How about:
```suggestion
`the lastest version <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__ (**other** than 31.0.100.3053) .
```
Once `.3104` is out we can change the link accordingly. What do you say?

If the update is not possible, set the ``DISABLE_OPENVINO_GENAI_NPU_L0``

> environment variable to disable NPU memory allocation, which might be supported

Reviewer 2: @TolyaTalamanov did you test this?

Reviewer 3: I did

         ov::AnyMap pipeline_config = { { "MAX_PROMPT_LEN",  1024 }, { "MIN_RESPONSE_LEN", 512 } };
         ov::genai::LLMPipeline pipe(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config);

Cache compiled models
+++++++++++++++++++++

> Specify the ``NPUW_CACHE_DIR`` option in ``pipeline_config`` for NPU pipeline to
> cache compiled models. Using the code snippet below will help shorten
> initialization time of the next pipeline runs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the ``NPUW_CACHE_DIR`` option in ``pipeline_config`` for NPU pipeline to
cache the compiled models. Using the code snippet below shortens the initialization time
of the pipeline runs coming next:
```

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Python
      :sync: py

      .. code-block:: python

         pipeline_config = { "NPUW_CACHE_DIR": ".npucache" }
         pipe = ov_genai.LLMPipeline(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config)

   .. tab-item:: C++
      :sync: cpp

      .. code-block:: cpp

         ov::AnyMap pipeline_config = { { "NPUW_CACHE_DIR",  ".npucache" } };
         ov::genai::LLMPipeline pipe(model_path, "NPU", pipeline_config);

Disable memory allocation
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

In case of execution failures, either silent or with errors, try to update the NPU driver to
`newer than 31.0.100.3053 <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/download/794734/intel-npu-driver-windows.html>`__.
If the update is not possible, set the ``DISABLE_OPENVINO_GENAI_NPU_L0``
environment variable to disable NPU memory allocation, which might be supported

> only on newer drivers for Lunar Lake (LNL) processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only on newer drivers for Intel Core Ultra 200V processors.
```
